Baker Franke
Intentionally plagiarised File

You should find many words in common with the files:
ecu201.txt
hal10.txt
tyc12.txt

There are several types of foolishness being described in the Pardoner's Tale itself. He describes gluttony in general, then specifically wine. He talks of gambling, taking bets and the like, and of swearing. The beginning of his tale describes three fools who go foolishly seeking death, then find it in a large amount of gold. Deception is another topic addressed by the Pardoner. He comes right out and says he is a con artist, and that he is out to take people's money. In his tale, deception by the rioters leads to the death of all three. These are good points, but there is another deception the Pardoner plays, and gets caught. His tale is a direct chastisement of the host, Harry Bailey, who is not pleased by this. As a whole, Chaucer effectively uses this character of the Pardoner to point out some of the more foolish and deceptive aspects of other characters in the tales as well. 


In the beginning, the narrator describes the Pardoner in some quite undesirable terms. The Pardoner represents the ugly truth. The Knight is grand, the Wife is pretty, but the Pardoner is downright ugly. He is also the only pilgrim to acknowledge his shortcomings. He knows he is a con artist and a liar, and in his tale's prologue he freely admits this in both words and actions. The Pardoner then proceeds with the tale itself, which is a deception as well. In his tale he describes gluttony in detail and defines it as not just overeating, but the intense pleasure of doing so. He also denounces wine with graphic examples of drunkenness. He discusses the negative merits of swearing and cursing. Then, he closes the tale itself with a condemnation of gambling.


Global change has become a popular word in scientific debates on long-range structural change in the earth’s ecology. Globalization has in the past played a major role in the controversial environmental debates. Many problems resulted in this area of discussion, in regard to the intricate linkages between globalization, government, trade and transport, and environmental decay. 
The current debate on the environmental effects of globalization is particularly concerned with the question whether a worldwide liberalization of trade may provoke environmental collapse. Three major environmental concerns related to trade are the domestic environmental effects caused by the use of imported products, the foreign environmental effects caused by the production of exported goods, and the environmental effects caused by transport movements needed for international trade.
In a democratic society, the citizens presume the right to make laws that reflect their deepest values, yet this is no longer the case. With the emergence of the World Trade Organization (WTO), democracy has been abandoned. It no longer matters what the democratic societies want, but what the global corporations want.
Created in 1994, the WTO is already among the most powerful, reserved, undemocratic bodies on earth. It has been granted with vast powers, which include the right to judge whether laws of nations are impairments to trade, by WTO standards. They rule laws concerning public health, food safety, small business, labor standards, culture, human rights, and other social and economic procedures (Krugman and Obstfeld 23). If any of these laws proved to be harming to trade, the WTO can demand their nullification, or enforce very harsh sanctions. 
Trade should be a tool to achieve shared human aspirations, to improve standards living and to enhance the quality of life. Trade rules should not provide a license to degrade the world or force it to trade away those things that value the most, like clean air, clean water, wild life, and wild places (30).


In Thomas Hardy's Tess of the Durbervilles, Tess worked in two extremely 
differentiating places. Both Talbothay's and Flintcomb Ash represented a time in her life 
whether it be favorable or horrid. Both of these spots contributed a deep meaning to the 
novel.
The happiest days of Tess's life were spent on a dairy farm called Talbothay's. It 
was there that she met Angel Claire, with whom she had desperately fallen in love with 
and married. Talbothay's was used as a symbol of grandeur in Tess's life. It was there 
where she found meaning in her life for the first time in the novel and became content 
with herself. However, it all came to an abrupt end when she married Angel and told him 
of her affair with her cousin Alex. Angel was devastated and left her to fend for herself. 
This is when her life got much harder. Through a friend, she got a job working for 
Flintcomb Ash. It was a physically exhausting job, in which she had utter hatred for. 
While there she ran into her cousin Alex. This only worsened her terrible state of mind. 
From then on she longed for the days with Angel at Talbothay's.
Talbothay's and Flintcomb Ash differ extremely in their descriptions. Talbothay's 
was a Utopia in Tess's life. It was depicted with luscious greenery and rolling hills. It
was 
located in the Vale of Froom, which was known for its rich and fertile soil. There
nothing 
could bother tess. Flintcomb Ash was a barren wastelan characterized by misery and
pain. 
It was a cruel place in which Tess spent the worst days of her life. There she found the 
meaning of true wretchedness, but at the same time began to appreciate her days at 
Talbothay's.
The descriptions Hardy used to depict the two places were central to the meaning 
of the work. The descriptive writing lets tthe reader not only see both places, but feel 
them as well. This allows the reader to find apathy for Tess's situation and take pity on 
her.
The contrast made between talbothay's and Flintcomb Ash was used to symbolize 
the enormous conflict Tess's life dealt with. Through this type of writing the reader
begins 
to see that no matter how bad a person might think they have it, someone else has always 
got it worse.
